Good evening and happy obedience to you.
Our top story tonight,
why are young people dying suddenly all the time?
It must be old age, moving along.
In other news, the nation continues to be plagued
by dangerous conspiracy theorists
who are spreading baseless false claims
that there's something called natural immunity.
While there's certainly no science
to substantiate this harmful misinformation,
the conspiracy theorists believe what they call
God
just gave them this alleged natural immunity.
These extremists with a lion-like mentality
are being rather noncompliant
with our pharmaceutical business plan,
and that's not good for anybody,
especially our shareholders.
So don't be a moron, and for God's sakes,
please don't be a lion.
We at the establishment would like to cordially
invite you
to feel afraid so you can increase your levels of
obedience
with our extremely well-tested,
safe and effective route of immunity.
It's the only way, and all for your protection, of
course.
Now, if you'll excuse me,
I've got to go cash some checks I was given
for selling my soul.
There actually is another way.
Introducing Fierce Immunity by Rebel Lion.
Fierce immunity is made for the lions of the
world,
and at Rebel Lions, we believe that health equals
freedom,
and your immune system is the constitution of your
health.
With all the deception about health
and immunity in the world,
we at Rebel Lion believe it's time for a change.
That's why we bring integrity down to the
molecule.
Every ingredient in Fierce Immunity has a precise
purpose,
and also how our ingredients synergistically
work together contains a sacred code of sorts
that unlocks mechanisms in your body
so it can help repair and strengthen your
immunity.
If you're someone who doesn't wanna leave your
health
and wellbeing to the mercy of all the deception
out there,
you are a Rebel Lion, and you're in the right
place.
I'd like to invite you to grab a bottle of Fierce
Immunity
or become a subscriber today at getfiercenow.com.
It's time to get fierce.
Please take a moment to donate now
to help us continue our work.
Make a one-time donation
or consider being a reoccurring monthly donor.
Scan the QR code on the screen
or visit plandemicseries.com slash donate.
Thank you for your support.
♪♪
Whatever political party you identify with,
you are welcome here.
Whatever color, culture, or creed you identify
with,
you are welcome here.
If you are vaccinated or unvaccinated,
Now, look around.
Look around at these faces in this crowd.
Take a good look around.
This is America the Beautiful,
and it's worth fighting for.
You are worth fighting for.
Your children are worth fighting for.
Our freedom is worth fighting for.
Freedom! Freedom! Freedom!
♪♪
My name is Mickey Willis.
I'm a father, a husband,
and an investigative filmmaker.
♪♪
I was raised in California by a single mom
who did her best to care for four children on her
own.
As a child of the welfare state,
I witnessed firsthand what happens to the psyche
and spirit of those who become dependent
on government assistance.
Had my mother known the difference
between a hand up and a hand out,
she may have avoided the trap
that kept us living on the edge of poverty
like so many people are today.
Living in fear of losing her welfare assistance,
Mom remained single and lonely
until the day she passed at 58 years young.
Her life was cut short
by a combination of toxic cancer treatments and
grief.
Just 34 days before she passed,
her first son, my brother,
was killed by a drug called AZT.
Hundreds of thousands of innocent people died
as a result of that prescribed poison.
The pusher of AZT was none other than Dr. Anthony
Fauci.
The reason that only one drug has been made
available, AZT,
because it's the only drug that has been shown
to be safe and effective.
Well, it's certainly nice to know
that the future looks brighter.
Thirty years later, there he was again.
Same script, same actors, same performance.
These are safe and effective products.
Knowing what that man had done in the 80s and 90s,
I couldn't believe he was still in a position of
such power.
Shame, shame, shame, shame, shame!
Fire Fauci, fire Fauci, fire Fauci, fire Fauci,
fire Fauci!
As the world descended into synchronized tyranny,
I began to ask myself,
how did they get everyone to go along with this?
Oh, it feels so good.
I know.
Obsessed with finding the answer,
I began studying every moment in recorded history
where masses of people devolved into a state of
self-destruction.
Down that rabbit hole was where I discovered
the work of G. Edward Griffin.
Ladies and gentlemen, again let me say welcome to
our home.
Since the 1960s, Mr. Griffin has been warning the
world
of the communist plot to overtake America.
Yes, I know, communism.
Mr. Gorbachev, tear down this wall.
That thing we've all been told fell with the
Berlin Wall.
How do you measure such an astonishing moment in
history?
It was Napoleon who said,
history is a lie agreed upon.
Ironically, there's no evidence that Napoleon ever
said that.
As we're about to discover together,
much of our history has been rewritten to serve an
agenda
that up until recently was invisible to the
average person.
Average like this guy.
Everyone's talking about the necessity for change
right now,
particularly here in the U.S.
Over the past few months, as a filmmaker,
I've had the honor of documenting a political
revolution.
That was me in 2016, the year of my political
awakening.
Come on board the political revolution.
I was touring with the Bernie Sanders campaign,
creating media to help his grassroots movement
grow.
At that time, I knew very little about socialism
and even less about democratic socialism.
As it turned out, I wasn't the only one.
So, my Bernie bros, how do we redistribute wealth
through taxation without expanding the powers
of the federal government?
Bernie f***ing Sanders!
Whoo!
Bernie! Bernie! Bernie! Bernie!
As confusion set in, I began turning my questions
inward.
Are they hypnotized?
Am I hypnotized?
That question, that one simple question,
activated some strange sort of faith healing.
Suddenly, I could see.
How did I not see this before?
There were so many red flags.
The only solution is communist revolution!
That's right, we need communists!
That's what we need!
I'm well aware that whether you're here in person
or through the medium of motion picture,
that for most of you, it's not easy to fit
meetings
of this kind into your schedules.
But the fact that you are here indicates
that you do have an interest in the subject.
So, in order not to waste any of your time,
let's dispense with the usual preliminaries
and get right down to the business at hand.
We're going to examine, first of all,
the communist theory and practice of revolution,
particularly as applied to the United States.
Now, this will not be something dreamed up out of
thin air.
This will be the strategy as taught by them
and advocated by them in their own manuals,
in their textbooks, and in their schools.
The new program of the Communist Party
on this subject has this decision.
The term socialism describes but the first stage
of a new society that, in its full development,
is called communism.
Socialism is a transitional stage.
Jim Carrey, everyone.
I went out today and bought me some
freedom-friendly Nikes.
Yeah, that's right.
That's a salute to Colin Kaepernick, to Nike.
Congratulations on your fantastic choice.
Thank you so much.
It's good to be back in dystopian America.
The Republicans are running with the word
socialism.
They're trying to say...
They're trying to scare people.
Scare people.
It's communism.
Venezuela, Trump says.
We're going to be living in Venezuela.
I grew up in Canada.
I'm here to tell you that this bullshit line that
you get
on all of the political shows from people
is that it's a failure.
The system is a failure in Canada.
It is not a failure in America.
It is a failure in Canada.
It is not a failure in Canada.
I never waited for anything in my life.
I chose my own doctors.
My mother never paid for a prescription.
It was fantastic.
And I just got back from Vancouver,
and I keep hearing this, like,
Canadians are so nice.
They can be nice because they have health care.
Because they have a government that cares about
them.
In Canada, the authorities say there's now a state
of emergency.
The year swept through Canada's capital.
The day police in Ottawa used pecans and pepper
spray.
They just trampled on me.
Look what you did to her!
Medical wait times in this country are longer than
ever.
The cost of living just keeps climbing.
There's a socialist coup unfolding in Canada,
and we taxpayers are funding it.
In the recent years, a lot of Canadians have been
watching
their once well-regarded country become what some
are even calling tyrannical.
A country previously hailed as the most free and
democratic in the world.
Now, the People's World, the official West Coast
newspaper
of the Communist Party, ran this rather
interesting editorial.
What is needed now is an effort that begins to
approximate
the magnitude of the problem.
As a minimum, such a program should demand
massive emergency action by the federal
government.
The federal government has invoked the Emergencies
Act.
As of today, a bank or other financial service
provider
will be able to immediately freeze or suspend an
account
without a court order.
If you are involved in this protest, we will
actively
look to identify you and follow up with financial
sanctions and criminal charges.
Banks have already started to freeze the accounts
of people involved in the protest.
Please get out.
Immediately get out.
Intimidating people in a church during the
Passover.
Unbelievable.
Growing up under communist dictatorship,
I have been warning Canadians that that's what's
coming.
I could smell it.
I could see it at every corner.
We will not put up with this anymore.
We are fighting back.
Protests, public protests, are an important part
of making
sure we're getting messages out there.
But using protests to demand changes to public
policy
is something that I think is worrisome.
Okay.
So here we have the Prime Minister of Canada
saying that yes, we have a highly functioning
democracy
and they have the right and freedom to protest.
However, if those protests are used to demand
change
in government policy, then no.
The small fringe minority who are holding
unacceptable
views that they're expressing...
Freedom!
...do not represent the views of Canadians who
know
that following the science and stepping up to
protect
each other is the best way to continue to ensure
our freedoms, our rights, our values as a country.
Liberal Prime Minister Justin Trudeau claims to be
following the science, but Trudeau's science often
comes in the form of this bizarre authoritarian
technocracy.
I think that Justin Trudeau stepped on the
landmine
when he weaponized the banking system in Canada
against the truckers.
Those peaceful trucker protests, you know, their
most violent
act was honking their horns.
And in retaliation, they had their access
to their bank accounts, and anybody that supported
them
in any way had their access to bank accounts
eliminated.
And at that moment in time, we all came to realize
what was really going down.
Even with Sun TV watching for any slip, he was
asked
which country he most admired and referred to
China.
The level of admiration I actually have for China,
because their basic dictatorship is allowing
them...
I applaud China for stepping up...
Excuse me, I applaud Canada.
You can tell what I'm thinking.
A prime minister who openly admires the Chinese
basic dictatorship, who tramples on fundamental
rights
by persecuting and criminalizing his own citizens
as terrorists just because they dared to stand up
to his perverted concept of democracy,
should not be allowed to speak in this house at
all.
Mr. Trudeau, please spare us your presence.
Thank you.
Canadians know where I stand.
This is a moment for responsible leaders to think
carefully
about where they stand and who they stand with.
While Justin Trudeau makes a compelling case
study,
he is not the only dictator on the rise.
Under the new rules provided by the COVID-19
emergency,
many other elected leaders were empowered
to show their true colors.
Interesting how they all marched in perfect
lockstep
while chanting the same slogans.
This pandemic has provided an opportunity...
We are now in an economy in crisis,
but with an incredible opportunity.
It's certainly a major crisis,
but it also offers us a unique opportunity.
Unprecedented opportunity.
To rethink and reset.
A great opportunity for reset.
Opportunity for us to reset.
For a reset.
It's almost as if they all attended the same
school of thought
and studied under the same professor.
Some people would say,
this revolution is characterized
by the fight of robots against human beings.
And we will win this fight.
Professor Klaus Schwab was born in 1938 in
Ravensburg, Germany,
where Nazi crimes against humanity were committed.
His father, Jürgen Schwab,
was the managing director of Escher-Weiss
Ravensburg,
a company that used slave labor
to manufacture weapons of war for the Third Reich.
While Klaus's father was at the helm,
the Nazi Party awarded Escher-Weiss Ravensburg
the title of National Socialist Model Company.
Years later, Klaus Schwab joined the board of
directors
at Escher-Weiss Ravensburg.
Where he played a key role in the development of
South Africa's nuclear weapons program
during the darkest years of the racist apartheid
regime.
Today, Klaus Schwab is the founder and executive
chairman
of the World Economic Forum.
If you'd like to meet the people who are supposed
to repair the state of the world,
or give a piece of your mind to the bankers who
helped get us into this mess,
we can tell you where to find a lot of them.
The World Economic Forum.
Founded in 1971,
the World Economic Forum is an international
private organization
which receives billions of tax-free dollars
from its members and their global enterprises.
Every year, the WEF brings together its members
with world leaders,
big pharma executives, tech titans, Hollywood
celebrities,
media personalities, and internet influencers
to meet in the secluded mountains of Davos,
Switzerland.
It is a tiny town folded into the Swiss Alps,
a village where you could bump into Bill Clinton,
Bill Gates,
the head of Google, and the Queen of Jordan, all
in one place.
A lot of reporters cover the forum, but few get
inside.
It turns out there are two Davoses.
One you see, and one you don't.
After hours, there are hundreds of private parties
where deals are done.
People who can't be seen together in public can
meet here.
Your Royal Highnesses, Excellencies,
distinguished heads of state and government,
the future is built by us.
The future is built by us,
by a powerful community as you here in this room.
Klaus Schwab, the founder of the WEF, is
particularly up front
and even proud of his ability to shape and
influence world politics.
I created the community of global shapers
as a means, as a force, to shape our common
future.
And of course, their Global Young Leaders program
is a grooming ground
so that when they ultimately infiltrate cabinets,
we penetrate the cabinets,
they will likely tend to govern a certain way.
Nobody will be safe if not everybody is
vaccinated.
The names in the countries he mentioned
ended up being some of the most dystopian and
authoritative during this pandemic.
Names like Ms. Merkel, Vladimir Putin, and so on.
Other names? Jacinda Ardern, Sebastian Kurz,
Mauricio Macri, Mark Zuckerberg, Jack Ma,
Gavin Newsom, Stéphane Bancel, Chelsea Clinton,
Leonardo DiCaprio, Sanjay Gupta, Dr. Liana Nguyen,
Alexander and Jonathan Soros, George Soros' sons,
and several of the Rothschilds.
And of course...
Now who could represent such a world better than
you, Prime Minister?
In 2014, Klaus Schwab called for the Great Reset.
We need a Great Reset.
Which he positioned as the solution to the world's
most urgent issues.
The dark reality of Schwab's agenda is detailed in
his best-selling book,
COVID-19, The Great Reset.
His in-game mission is to replace independent
governance
with a top-down control, one world government,
and a central bank-controlled digital currency.
When they say, you'll be happy,
what they mean is, you'll be enslaved.
That's why they're talking about a Great Reset.
That's why they're talking about introducing this
quasi-communist,
quasi-socialist agenda.
They know we've run the course where we cannot
continue
down the path of the ever-increasing indebtedness,
because we have a generation that quite literally
cannot afford to buy a house.
Millions of Americans are priced out of buying a
home.
And so it's easy to tell that generation,
we're going to forgive your college debt.
Student debt relief.
And set your expectations lower.
You're going to rent forever.
We're going to celebrate the tiny house movement.
We're going to do all of these things which sound
cool,
because they're shaping our narrative
so that we become capable of expecting less.
What we need to do is not expect less.
We need to remove inefficiencies so we can
experience more.
And that's the subtle distinction that the Great
Reset is missing.
Like most globalists, Schwab regards communist
China
as a shining model of how he intends to transform
the world.
We now welcome His Excellency Xi Jinping.
China has made significant economic and social
achievements under your leadership.
Chinese influence on global affairs is growing.
The founder of the World Economic Forum, Klaus
Schwab,
says that this is what motivated the group this
year
to invite President Xi Jinping to deliver the
keynote address in Davos.
Schwab said Xi's presence was a sign of the shift
from a unipolar world
dominated by the United States to a more
multipolar system
in which rising powers like China will have a step
up and play a bigger role.
I think it's a role model for many countries,
but we have to go one step further.
It's a systemic transformation of the world.
Artificial intelligence, the metaverse, synthetic
biology,
our life in ten years from now will be completely
different
and who masters those technologies will be the
master of the world.
Similar to his protege, Justin Trudeau, Klaus
Schwab makes a fascinating case study.
Yet he too is merely the master of his own world,
Economic Forum.
Science is replacing evolution by natural
selection with evolution by intelligent design.
Not the intelligent design of some god above the
clouds,
but our intelligent design and the intelligent
design of our clouds,
the IBM cloud, the Microsoft cloud.
These are the new driving forces of evolution.
Today we have the technology to hack human beings
on a massive scale
and by this I mean that if you have enough data
and you have enough computing power,
you can understand people better than they
understand themselves
and then you can manipulate them in ways which
were previously impossible.
You know, the whole idea that humans have this
soul or spirit and they have free will, that's
over.
Now how exactly will the future masters of the
planet look like?
This will be decided by the people who own the
data.
Foreign powers can collect, store and exploit
biometric information from COVID tests.
U.S. intelligence officials tell CBS News that
China is trying to collect Americans' DNA
in hopes of controlling the future of healthcare.
China's test kits are a tool to help China compile
genetic data.
The Chinese aren't the only ones exploring this
technology.
The U.S. is working on it as well.
The White House is ramping up its COVID response,
announcing Americans can once again get free COVID
test kits as concerns are growing over...
Data is the most important asset in the world.
Those who control the data control the future, not
just of humanity, but the future of life itself.
Everywhere she goes, Ouyang Haoyu is followed.
What she buys, how she behaves is tracked and
scored to show how responsible and trustworthy she
is.
It's called the social credit system.
A person's reputation is scored on a scale of 350
to 950.
Its big data meets Big Brother, expanding how the
government monitors, understands
and ultimately controls its 1.4 billion citizens.
A good score brings benefits, but people with low
scores lose rights.
The cinema names and shames people considered
untrustworthy,
plastering their details, even their addresses,
across big screens.
And information collectors are paid to report on
their neighbors.
The Supreme Court has created a blacklist for
so-called bad citizens.
Among them is this journalist who got a little too
close to uncovering corruption
among high-profile party members.
He was blacklisted.
He only realized when he tried to buy a train
ticket.
Once you're blacklisted, you can no longer get a
bank loan,
start a business, buy an apartment, or even send
your children to a private school.
By using the mechanism of social credit, we'll be
able to establish a blacklist of people.
These punishments will serve as a whip to rebuild
moral values.
And few here are willing to criticize it,
something that may pose a risk itself for a bad
score and the life that comes with it.
It may seem scary, but it's just like that here.
We're used to it, and anyway we don't have a
choice.
China wants obedient citizens.
Criticism or resistance among the population is
virtually non-existent.
This woman's door was kicked in by police when she
refused to go to quarantine.
Now these videos show rows of metal containers
which are being used to house COVID-19 patients.
Some of them have complained that very little food
is left for them in the freezing metal boxes.
Chinese government officials now installing fences
in Shanghai, blocking people from leaving their
homes.
For some, Shanghai feels like the world's largest
prison.
We don't have enough food.
All of a sudden, everyone is starving.
How does a handful of autocrats gain total control
over a population of 1.4 billion?
I have two master degrees, one in clinical
psychology, one in statistics.
And at the beginning of the crisis, I started to
study the statistics a little bit.
The initial mathematical models and the initial
statistics all had dramatically overrated the
dangerousness of the virus.
That was the moment when I started to think how it
was possible that an entire society and an entire
population
was in the grip of a narrative which in many
respects was blatantly wrong.
After a few months, it became clear to me that the
only mechanism that could explain what was
happening in society
was what is usually referred to as mass formation.
Mass formation is identical to hypnosis.
And this term refers to a specific kind of group
formation
which has very special characteristic effects at
the level of individual mental functioning.
And one of these effects is that an individual
that is in the grip of mass formation
typically lose every capacity to take a critical
distance from what they believe in, from what the
group believes in.
You would think it would be people with lower IQs
that would be more susceptible to this,
but it seems to be the other way around. Are you
seeing this?
I have seen this, and it does seem to be predicted
by educational status and IQ.
We look to be verified for our belief system,
right?
And so a doctor goes to the CDC, and the CDC says
this is true, it must be true, I'm staying in that
zone.
It's actually people outside of the system go,
well, I want to challenge the CDC here for a
second.
Where's this study come from? Where's it, you
know, and that's what I do.
All of these people were kept out of the
conversation.
And you were wanting me to sign on to a social
contract where the scientific method isn't being
used.
I'm not interested in medical pedigree. I'm
interested in medical consensus.
People who are highly intelligent tend to go and
get a lot of degrees.
Those people have spent so many years in
institutions to get those degrees
that they have developed a trust and confidence in
not only the educational institutions,
but those that support them, which are largely
government bodies.
And so they start from the place of if it's told
by the university, by the government, it's
probably going to be true.
What I've learned about science is that it's
really imagined, they're looking at like a
fragment of the world,
and it's all they see. It's all they're looking
at. The world, they don't see the world.
So I think that there's a disconnect between
people who are smart and have lots of degrees
with actual reality, with the lived experience of
nature, of life,
that you don't see with people who are actually
working with their hands outdoors all of the time.
A mass formation typically emerges in a society
when very specific conditions are met.
First and for all, the most central condition is a
major part of the population needs to feel lonely.
Doctors say the very rules to keep people safe
from the virus are doing great damage when it
comes to anxiety,
depression, and even suicide. And now everyone is
suffering, but children are particularly.
The real pandemic here is the psychological
warfare that's being waged on every single human
being.
See, if you take a human being and you put them in
a chronic physical condition,
if you take a human being and you put them in a
chronic fear state,
and you couple that with human isolation, what
happens is they psychologically decompensate
and live in such emotional pain that they will
gravitate in an irrational way
to anything that you promise them will alleviate
that pain.
Once people feel disconnected from their
environment,
they will typically start to experience a lack of
meaning-making in life.
These conditions, if a narrative is distributed
through the mass media,
indicating an object of anxiety and a strategy to
deal with this object of anxiety,
they suddenly connect to one small object of fear,
for instance the coronavirus,
and afterwards people don't feel lonely anymore.
They feel connected again.
Let me hear you if you've had the Pfizer vaccine!
Let me hear you for Moderna!
Let me hear you for AstraZeneca!
Let me hear you for the anti-vaxxers!
The new kind of social bond is highly problematic,
just because the connections between the
individuals even deteriorate more,
and the bond between the individual and the
collective becomes stronger and stronger and
stronger,
which makes them willing to sacrifice everything
for the collective.
Its health, its wealth, the future of its
children, everything.
Something else that is really characteristic of
individuals in mass formation
is that they become radically intolerant for
dissonant voices.
The people who are not getting vaccines, it's time
to start shaming them, or leave them behind.
Vaccinated person having a heart attack? Yes, come
right on in, we'll take care of you.
Unvaccinated guy, rest in peace Weezy.
Put your mask on! Put your mask on, that's all you
gotta do!
We have to stop coddling the morons who will not
get the shot.
Put it on, does it bother anybody else that she
doesn't have to wear a mask that we all do?
When are we going to stop putting up with the
idiots in this country?
You're a schmuck for not wearing a mask.
And just say it's mandatory to get vaccinated.
Screw your freedom.
People who do not go along with the masses are
stigmatized,
and in the end, the masses are inclined to destroy
the people who do not go along with them.
And they do so as if it is an ethical duty to do
so.
Getting good people to do bad things, harmful
things, while thinking they're good things,
it's a dangerous place to be because it looks
great.
You feel great while you're being used.
They will sacrifice themselves, and they see it as
a virtue,
because it demonstrates their complete obedience
to the cult, to the group,
to perform ritualistic behavior which causes them
harm.
One of the most clear illustrations of this was
when the leaders of the Communist Party in the
Soviet Union
were sentenced to death, often tortured to death,
they did not object.
Things like, if this helps the Communist Party,
it's my pleasure to do it.
That's something that was observed in all major
examples of mass formation in history.
I was born in Communist China two years before Mao
started his Cultural Revolution.
So we had to be indoctrinated, and chanting
slogans,
and holding Chu Mai Mao's little red books to say
long live Chu Mai Mao, long live Communist Party.
Inspired by Soviet Union dictators, Vladimir Lenin
and Joseph Stalin,
China's Communist leader, Mao Zedong, borrowed
from the playbook of the Russian Revolution.
Lenin! Lenin! Lenin!
To fight anti-Communist forces, Lenin organized a
military branch of his Communist Party, known as
the Red Army.
Following suit, Mao branded his army the Red
Guards.
However, Mao's soldiers were not enlisted from his
military.
His Red Guards were made up of high school and
university students.
So he used young people to start Cultural
Revolution, to top down statues,
burning old buildings, and demonize all religions,
going after all dissident voices,
and to turn all the Chinese against each other.
Family turned on each other. Neighbors turned on
each other.
Chairman Mao, as he was known, was deeply
influenced by Lenin's ideas on Marxism and
revolution,
and often praised Stalin as a great leader.
He started his Great Leap Forward campaign in the
50s and killed 2 million landlord owners.
40 million to 60 million people estimated starving
to death.
The people were trading their children's dead
bodies to eat, to survive.
Campbellism was everywhere.
Through war, torture, execution, and famine,
Chairman Mao caused the death of 80 million
innocent people,
making him the deadliest dictator of all time.
China shaved the heads of women, put them all in
unattractive, asexual clothes,
did the same thing for the men.
This technique has been used in the 20th century
by every totalitarian regime.
Mao wanted to create a genderless society.
That's why girls like me could not wear beautiful
clothes and could not do makeup.
We have to just look like boys, unisex, no gender.
They asexualized the population so that there's no
more desire,
no more bipolarity of male and female.
Everybody looks like an automaton.
And then what do they do? Rather than turning
towards one another, they turn towards the state.
So the only thing left for me, a child to believe
in, is communism.
And Mao was the new god.
Now in China, the government is not only cracking
down on Muslims,
but on other religions as well, as it pushes to
assert communist ideology.
Here's something else that is bad in China.
Falun Gong, a religious movement that emphasizes
on spiritual enlightenment and cultivation of
virtue.
5,000-year-old Chinese civilization were founded
on faith.
Communist regime is atheist.
So any philosophies which encourage people to
believe God, believe good things,
it's something they don't like.
I decided to escape China after serious
persecution I have experienced.
Under this pretext of COVID-19 coronavirus,
the Chinese Communist Party has intensified its
persecution.
We were arrested several times and detained in
various detention and brainwashing centers.
Over the past few years, a vast network of camps
has been built across Xinjiang.
A series of classified bulletins show how easy it
is to be singled out by the Chinese government for
education and training.
The U.S. Defense Department says as many as 3
million are being forcibly detained
in re-education and forced labor camps.
China calls them thought transformation camps
built to prevent extremism from spreading,
but reports indicate they're more like prisons.
When I was detained in a detention center,
I was handcuffed and hung over a radiator pipe
with my toes barely touching the ground.
And I was hung over there for three days.
The CCP guards brought four male detainees into my
cell
and began one of the worst experiences of torture.
And on the brink of death, I realized I could do
nothing but turn to my belief.
So I prayed to be saved.
Moments later, one of the four male detainees
suddenly fainted on the floor,
which interrupted the torture.
I left China because my parents were heavily
persecuted for their practice of Falun Gong.
From age one to age five, my grandparents were
taking care of me
because my parents, they were always incised like
this.
My grandparents were taking care of me because my
parents, they were always incised,
some dark cells being tortured.
My first clear memory of my mother,
I was brought to a brainwashing center and saw her
being tied up to a chair
with like people behind her guarding her.
And she had a very thick plastic tube inserted
into her nose
and she was being force-fed at the time.
She just looked like she was in so much pain.
And I was five at the time.
That was, it's just very traumatizing.
My school principal actually came to me several
times and told me
not to be a part of my parents and to report any
activity that my parents would do.
They're instilling all the lies and hatred into
the younger generation.
The young people are used today to do the American
cultural revolution.
cultural revolution
to turn the kids basically not to trust their
parents anymore
and say, oh, my parents don't understand me, I'm
confused,
I need to turn to my teachers, turn to other
authority figures,
look at the American cultural revolution to see
how many similarities are there.
Communism will win.
That's not a joke.
That will happen.
You were happy with what was happening in the
USSR.
No, we're not.
We make a critique of it.
That's why we're Maoists.
We make a critique of it in order to improve
socialism
the next time it comes around and throws people
like your ass into a labor camp.
Yesterday I asked ChatGPT,
are there any similarities between today's woke
revolution
and Chairman Mao's cultural revolution of the
1960s?
And it wrote back, how long do you have?
We recognize that government is absolutely
necessary for an orderly society.
But following the dictum that government like fire
is both beneficial and dangerous,
we believe in the concept of limited government.
And we believe that the constitutional republic
created by our founding fathers
is the best form of limited government that has
yet been devised by man.
A republic is a limited democracy.
It's a form of government based upon the principle
of limited majority rule.
Limited so that the minority, even a minority of
one,
can be protected against the whims and passions of
the majority.
Now, democracy is a form of government based upon
the principle of majority rule.
It's easy to understand, easy to sell to the
masses, and I might add, deadly.
The fathers of philosophy, Socrates, Plato, and
Aristotle,
were all staunch critics of democracy.
History's greatest minds all observed that even a
well-intended democracy
can breed deception, division, and ultimately
total control by the state.
Aristotle wrote that democracy is not just the
rule of the majority.
Democracy is a system in which the majority is in
charge,
respecting the basic elementary rights and
principles of minorities.
If not, democracy becomes a tyranny of the
majority.
Socrates himself became a victim of this very
process.
He was sentenced to death by a majority vote
for protesting the rights and protections of the
minority.
This country was founded on the principle that
the individual is sovereign over the institution
of government,
and it's about a philosophy of governance that
says that you are a free individual,
or a philosophy of governance that says you're
served and you're subject.
We have inalienable rights just by virtue of being
human,
and so their primary responsibility as the
government is to protect those rights.
These aren't rules to govern me, they're rules to
govern the government,
like what, you know, what you are and are not
allowed to do to me.
We are a constitutional republic with a
representative democracy,
so people do vote, but we have a separation of
powers.
So if you majority vote to eat you for lunch,
the Supreme Court can say, no, you cannot.
And how do you protect the minority from the
majority?
You write down a set of rules on a piece of paper.
You say, this we can do, that we cannot.
At the top of the paper, you write the word
constitution.
And then everyone agrees to follow the rules no
matter what the temptation.
And when you're finished, you've created a
constitutional republic.
It was Thomas Jefferson who said,
The republic is the only form of government
which is not eternally at open or secret war with
the rights of mankind.
Now we hear a lot of talk today about
right-wingers, left-wingers, extremists, and
moderates.
The political spectrum concept, if it has any
meaning at all,
is a measurement scale showing all the variations
in government.
Now, the extremists at the zero end would be those
who advocate no government at all, the anarchists.
The extremists at the other end would be those who
advocate total government.
And who are they? Well, the communists, of course.
But also the Nazis, the fascists.
No matter what they may call themselves, if they
advocate total government control over the people,
they are all, by definition, totalitarians.
The debate is not between conservatives and
liberals.
It goes back in history long before those words
were ever invented.
The opposing points of view properly are
identified as individualism versus collectivism.
The individualist believes that the rights of the
individual
must not be obliterated by the desires of the
collective or the group.
The collectivist, on the other hand, believes that
the group is more important than the single person
within it,
and that the individual must be sacrificed, if
necessary, for the greater good of the greater
number.
The individualists believe that every man has a
personal and direct responsibility
to provide first for himself, next for his family,
and then for those outside his family who may be
in need.
The collectivist, on the other hand, declares that
the individual is not personally responsible for
charity,
raising his own children, providing for his aging
parents, or even providing for himself, for that
matter.
This is a group function of the state, of
government itself.
Everything we talk about socialism, communism,
globalism, and Nazism, guess what?
It's all collective society.
Collectivism on an international level is
essentially known as globalism,
which is often promoted as a framework for unity
and sustainability.
Under the guise of philanthropy, the leaders of
the globalist movement leverage every possible
crisis
to advance their plan to replace national
sovereignty with a one-world government.
We are confronted with so many crises
simultaneously.
What does it need to master the future?
It is the globalists who are behind the
destructive new methods of control, like ESG,
the acronym for Environmental Social Governance.
Similar to China's social credit score, ESG is a
ranking system
that tracks a company or country's carbon
footprint as well as its commitment to diversity
and inclusion.
A low ESG score can lead to severe consequences,
including reputational damage, legal and
regulatory actions, and loss of investors and bank
credit lines.
Within the last decade, numerous nations and
thousands of major brands have been coerced to
adapt to the ESG program,
and today, many of them are paying the price.
In 2018, the World Economic Forum published an
article on its website entitled
How We Will Make Sri Lanka Rich by 2025.
That article was removed once it became known that
food prices in Sri Lanka had nearly doubled
and that millions of their citizens were facing
starvation.
Now what caused this? Farmers protested and asked
the government to work with them
on slowly improving farming practices to be more
environmentally friendly
rather than implementing harsh bans.
But the government was more interested in
maintaining a high ESG score with its creditors
like BlackRock.
As a result, food production dropped drastically,
with farmers expecting crop losses of 85%.
The country had to begin spending money on
importing food when it was previously
self-sufficient.
Sri Lanka is a cautionary tale.
What's happening there could be a foreshadowing of
what's in store for us
if we don't take heed and learn some lessons.
The Dutch government was one of the first to sign
on to the ESG system.
Dutch farmers pleaded that the rush to adapt to
extreme new regulations
would result in the destruction of the country's
food supply.
The Netherlands is the second largest agriculture
exporter in the world,
earning the title of the tiny country that feeds
the world.
A collapse of their system could trigger a global
food crisis.
Yet, the Netherlands' prime minister continued to
persecute Dutch farmers until they were forced to
revolt.
Where do you find still such a prime minister in
the world?
You find it in the Netherlands, and it's Mark
Rutte.
And remember too, the Netherlands is the pilot
program of the World Food Hubs
and the World Economic Forum has assigned to the
Netherlands
what they call this global secretariat.
I'm using ironically a communist term for it.
Klaus Schwab's golden pin-up boy, Prime Minister
Mark Rutte,
is busy fulfilling the agenda of the World
Economic Forum's Great Reset
by turfing farmers off their own land.
Perhaps the most important lesson I've learned in
my years as prime minister
of one of the world's most outward-looking trading
countries
is that national interests are often best served
by international cooperation.
Schwab has sold this idea because they're up
against the wall.
Okay, you have all these governments that are
basically broke.
So what will happen is if they defaulted, then all
the people have lost their pensions,
they've counted on it, and they're going to be
storming their palaces with pitchforks.
Schwab has sold the idea that, well, we go towards
Marxism and you can still retain power.
None of these net-zero climate schemes work
without massively disrupting
or even destroying the lives of the little people.
If you think about what created wealthy people
wealthy throughout the many years
of our human history, it was the ownership of
land.
And you have governments right now that are
looking to take ownership of real estate,
and it's happening everywhere.
And you have this movement of individuals kind of
going like,
hey, people should never profit off of real
estate.
And unfortunately, that ideology is what the
government is using to take control.
If we look at data from 2001 to 2015, there is a
slow and steady trend towards
more corporations owning single-family homes,
apartments, office spaces,
and less and less individuals actually owning real
estate.
Blackstone Group actually recently raised a record
of $50 billion
to take homes from American families.
During the pandemic, when all people were ordered
to lock down indoors,
why did governments around the world make
exceptions for mass protests?
We've all heard the term fire sale. In this case,
it's not a metaphor.
When a community is damaged by protests, the value
of local properties plummet.
Investors then gobble up the devalued real estate
for pennies on the dollar.
In many cases, the leaders of the decimated
communities receive kickbacks
for allowing this transfer of wealth.
Big companies and investment firms swooping in and
buying up
some of the only affordable homes in your
neighborhood.
The more you have individuals not own their own
home,
the more you have individuals not financially
independent,
it creates more dependence on big financial
corporations
that profit off of mass people.
We are going towards a world where the people are
owning nothing.
I always say, like, if we don't own anything,
well, who does?
Bill Gates, business magnate, software developer,
philanthropist,
nation's largest farmland owner. Gates owns nearly
270,000 acres.
It's a re-institution of Marxism where, you know,
communism owned all the property.
In his Communist Manifesto, Karl Marx wrote,
the theory of communism may be summed up in a
single sentence,
abolition of private property.
Karl Marx was a German philosopher and social
theorist
who lived in the 1800s.
He is the co-author of the Communist Manifesto,
which has been referred to as the Bible of
Communism.
His theories of class conflict and dialectical
materialism
were instrumental in shaping socialist and
communist movements worldwide.
Joseph Stalin, Vladimir Lenin, Leon Trotsky, Mao
Zedong,
Che Guevara, Fidel Castro, Kim Jong-un, Hugo
Chavez,
Nicolas Maduro, and many other communist
revolutionaries
have cited Marxism as the foundation of their
political ideologies.
Marx rejected all concepts of God, as well as the
traditional family.
According to members of his own family, Marx was
emotionally,
verbally, and physically abusive.
His wife, Ginny, was plagued by depression,
which was compounded by Karl's adulterous impulses
and his inability to provide for his children.
Despite his privileged upbringing and formal
education,
Karl Marx was often unwilling to work
and instead relied on the financial support of
friends and family.
In 1943, the following directive was issued from
party headquarters
to all communists in the United States.
It read, when certain obstructionists become too
irritating,
label them as fascist, or Nazi, or anti-Semitic.
In the public mind, constantly associate those who
oppose us
with those names which already have a bad smell.
The association will, after enough repetition,
become fact in the public mind.
The founding fathers were racist, misogynist,
fascist, fascist, fascist political party,
radicals on the far right, anti-Semitic,
anti-Semitic,
xenophobic, transphobic, Uncle Tom's, white
supremacists,
domestic terrorists, neo-Nazi organizers, Nazis.
You are an anti-vaxxer.
An anti-vaxxer.
Racist.
A racist.
Name-calling is their number one bullying tactic,
and they apply it unremittingly to anyone who
questions their dogma
or says something they find unacceptable or
offensive.
As early as 1928, the communists declared that the
racial differences
among our people constituted the weakest and most
vulnerable point
in our social fabric.
By constantly probing and straining at this one
spot,
they calculated that eventually the cloth could be
torn apart
and that Americans could be divided, weakened,
and perhaps even set against each other in open
combat.
They said in no unmistakable terms that the Negro
people,
because of their social status and their
predominant working class composition,
offered greater revolutionary possibilities
than any other cross-section of the population.
How do we get out of this mess?
Revolution, nothing less!
The communists call not only for extensive chaos
within the cities,
the plan is for raging fires from one city to the
next.
The average American may say, soft and decadent,
when he sees billows of black smoke rising from
one horizon to the other,
when at night the only light he has to see by
flickering red from flames leaping into the sky,
he'll become paralyzed with fear and panic
and do nothing to interfere with the guerrilla
bands
as they strike at the community's power centers.
To justify violence,
they have to be able to claim that they're
liberating people.
And if people are to be liberated,
then it's necessary to go through the motions at
least
of pretending that they have a right to form a
nation of their own.
The Communist Party called for their liberation,
to break away from the United States
and to set up their own nation within our borders.
Activists now control a barricaded area.
It's been called an autonomous zone.
They want it to be free of capitalism, state
authority, and police.
To take the United States, all of the United
States,
it'll be necessary, they say, to involve white
people as well as black
and, in general, to escalate their revolution in
America
from race war to class war.
Feed the rich and feed the poor.
This is class war.
Now, when they talk about pressure from above,
they mean using their people and their influence
within the very government marked for takeover
to bring forward official recommendations for
legislation.
The recommendations, of course, are offered
supposedly
as solutions to national problems,
but when passed into law, their only real effect
is to vastly increase the power of government
and to move the country that much closer toward
the ultimate goal.
The pressure from below, then, involves using
their influence
over the various mass membership organizations of
the country
to create the appearance of great popular support
for these recommendations.
Of course, the members of those organizations must
never suspect
that they're being used to promote the communist
program.
Now, the silent majority, the average person,
is caught right in the middle.
He looks above and sees highly respected spokesmen
for government
calling for socialist legislation.
He looks below and sees mobs of demonstrators
shouting for the same thing.
He says to himself, has everyone gone crazy or is
it me?
Now, he's still in the majority, of course, but he
doesn't know it.
He thinks he's helplessly outnumbered,
and he bows to what he thinks is the democratic
will of the majority.
Here's an interesting thing I've noticed,
is even with a lot of these ideologies,
with what people call these days, you know, woke,
if people were these horrible, awful, bigoted,
racist, xenophobic whites,
it wouldn't even work.
The only reason it even works is because people
are so compassionate
that they, oh, like, I want to make sure I use the
right words
and I say the right phrases.
So you're actually weaponizing the fact that
people are decent people
and you're taking that compassion and you're
targeting it at,
oh, this is the group of people who you should be
angry at.
They weaponized human compassion.
We mustn't kid ourselves into thinking
that the communists have placed their agitators
only into the black communities.
They're working both sides of the street.
They want hatred, violence, and bloodshed between
the races,
and they don't care how they get it or whom they
use,
even children if necessary.
My young comrades.
Hi!
This is my way of figuring out if you've been
tainted by the patriarchy.
Patriarchy?
Oh!
This looks creepy.
It looks creepy.
Why?
There's just, like, this thing about white people
that just makes me a villain.
Oh, looks like Donnie got a full cookie.
Because he's a white man.
Say it with me.
Structural racism!
Yeah!
You may have wondered why the Communist Party
has been a staunch supporter of the drive
to place a black studies curriculum into our high
schools and colleges.
The reason becomes obvious the minute you take a
look
at the textbooks and the study guides.
Schools are now radicalizing our kids.
I mean, this is the volume of the book from
Critical Race Theory,
and it literally says here,
whiteness is a bad deal,
and it has a symbol of Satan.
You gonna deliberately teach kids,
this white kid right here got it better than you
because he white?
You gonna purposely tell a white kid,
oh, the black people are all down to suppress.
How do I have two medical degrees if I'm sitting
here oppressed?
Not only is it in the schools, but it's in the
workplace.
It's throughout society.
It's destroying this country.
If this continues, we will look back
and be responsible for the dismantling
of the greatest country in the world
by reverting to teaching hate
and that race is a determining factor
on where your destiny lies.
Thank you.
Sarasota School Board Chairwoman,
what has been the worst of what you've had to deal
with
in terms of community or parental reaction?
You know, the calling of names, you know,
tyrant, Marxist, communist,
and they want to move kids over to charter schools
and private schools without the oversight of the
state,
and that's wrong.
Education authorities in the United States
are asking the government to use anti-terror laws
and involve the FBI against parents
who protest against the way their children are
being taught.
It identifies no fewer than 13 possible federal
crimes,
including making annoying phone calls.
How about this one?
They could be prosecuted for using the internet
in a way that might cause emotional distress.
Over the weekend, Democrats voted
to ban gendered language in House rules,
and that means no more terms like father or
mother.
Is the administration's official policy
to replace the term woman with birthing people?
Black birthing people.
Black and indigenous birthing people.
You shifted from, in places,
from using the term mother to birthing people.
Again, we're trying to be precise in the language
that's used.
Mom's a pretty good word.
I'm not a birth person. I'm a mother.
Can you provide a definition for the word woman?
Can I provide a definition?
No.
Yeah.
I can't.
You can't?
Not in this context. I'm not a biologist.
So you believe the meaning of the word woman
is so unclear and controversial
that you can't give me a definition?
Do you believe, then, that men can become pregnant
and have abortions?
Yes.
Literally everything that was fought for
for women's rights is going straight down the
drain.
This environment that has been created
and corrupted and manipulated
does not respect women, does not respect children,
does not respect men.
It cares nothing for family.
So that's why they have to attack mother and
remove father,
because she's going to protect that child,
he's going to protect that woman,
and they both are going to protect society.
Good evening.
Thank you very much.
Thank you for your service.
When you talk about a parent-child relationship,
you're talking about something primal.
It is in the heart of the liberal, not the
Marxist,
that's in the heart of the person who's
conservative.
And they're pushing the boundaries on something
that they cannot control.
Washington state is on track to lawfully take
gender dysphoric children away from parents
who oppose transitioning treatment.
That is against the Constitution.
The only time a parent loses their rights
is if there's an extreme circumstance.
It's severing the bond between the parent and the
child.
What they're doing is they're dividing families
to take control of the children.
The biggest defense against communism is the
nuclear family.
In Chapter 2 of his Communist Manifesto,
Karl Marx wrote,
Abolition of the family.
The bourgeois family will vanish as a matter of
course.
We're here today to represent the millions of
black Americans
who disagree with the Black Lives Matter movement.
If you go to the Black Lives Matter website,
it says that we disrupt the nuclear family.
That's my wife. This is our four children.
Why would you disrupt the nuclear family?
Because the real objective is to remove the family
as a possible alternate source of guidance and
support.
All totalitarian regimes strive to destroy the
close-knit family
in order to remove any loyalties
that might be higher than to the state itself.
I have seen over the years in my practice
a steady decline in the expression of healthy
masculinity
and healthy femininity.
The separation between the male and the female
is almost complete now,
and it's due specifically to the ongoing attacks
against masculinity and the degradation of
femininity.
And if our family structure is lost in the next
generation,
what do we have left?
We're just a bunch of listless individuals
living our lives out virtually behind a computer
screen
and following the orders of the government.
Maybe it's because I came in the movement at 17
1⁄2,
so I have, like, just a knack
for knowing how to organize young people.
I was at our publications table today,
and I was speaking to this young person,
and he grabbed a book, and he said,
it's like Mal's Red Book.
And I was like, man, that's what I was thinking.
And it was just really cool to hear him make that
connection.
I was like, how about you buy, like, 10 to 15 of
these books,
and you all have, like, a youth organizing group
where you talk about it, and you really try to
engage this.
We need to build off of this.
We actually do have an ideological frame.
Myself and Alicia in particular, we are trained
Marxists.
I do believe in Marxism.
It's a philosophy that I learned really early on
in my organizing career.
Investigations into the Black Lives Matter
organization
has revealed links to groups that are
pro-communist China.
The self-proclaimed Marxist Black Lives Matter
co-founder,
Alicia Garza, also owns the Black Futures Lab
project.
Yet all would be lost for the Black Future Lab
if not for the Chinese Progressive Association.
Donations to the Black Futures Lab
don't go directly to the foundation itself.
The Chinese Progressive Association gets them
instead.
Through forensic investigations,
we now know that the 2020 BLM,
fiery but mostly peaceful protests,
were organized and partially funded
through a network of pro-communist organizations.
One of the groups is U.S.-based Liberation Road,
which was founded by a faction of the Communist
Party of Vietnam.
Liberation Road is allied with the New Communist
Movement
and has direct ties to the Chinese Communist
Party.
The San Francisco-based, communist-rooted
Chinese Progressive Association
formed a sister company called Asians for Black
Lives
to serve as a bridge between BLM and the Chinese
Communist Party.
I spent a lot of time with President Xi.
He's deadly earnest
about becoming the most significant,
most consequential nation in the world.
When we speak of China,
it's important to distinguish between the people
and their oppressive government.
And while the Communist Party of China
is undoubtedly America's greatest foreign
adversary,
it's crucial to recognize that the most urgent
threat
to the future of the United States
resides within its own borders.
We're so used to thinking in terms of
the old-fashioned concepts of warfare,
we fail to realize that the favorite weapons
of communist conquest are instead propaganda.
Do you know who the greatest propagator of
disinformation
in the history of the world is?
The U.S. government.
The slanted view of history.
History has been written to tell us a certain
story.
The 1619 Project is trying to reframe that story.
What these people are doing is subverting young
black minds
to think that the Revolutionary War was fought
in order to preserve slavery.
And it's based on something that simply isn't
true.
The tactics of internal subversion.
I thought that America was racist.
I thought it was patriarchal.
I thought our capitalist society
was just a means of exploiting people.
And I thought all these things
because that is what I was told.
The preaching of hatred to incite civil disorder.
I want to tell you, Kavanaugh,
you have released the whirlwind
and you will pay the price.
A California man is facing federal charges
for the attempted murder of Supreme Court Justice
Brett Kavanaugh.
Treason, blackmail, the smear.
This is the first time Assange is being questioned
over the rape allegations.
The LA Times ran an article
calling Larry Elder a black white supremacist.
All committed by soldiers who wear no uniform
and who claim to be loyal citizens
of the target country marked for conquest from
within.
World War III that rages around us right now
is a political war, an economic war,
a psychological war, a spiritual war.
As a matter of fact,
the bomb as a psychological weapon
is being dropped on the American people
every single day.
You probably assume you're safe.
That could be a deadly mistake.
Bracing for food shortages.
Labor shortages.
Shipping delays.
Supply chain disruptions.
A new coronavirus variant.
Rushed virus variant.
Ultra transmissible.
It can kill you.
A surging crime.
Surging crime.
Acts of terrorism.
Domestic terrorism.
White terrorism.
White supremacy.
Mass shootings.
And nuclear conflict.
Nuclear conflict.
World War III.
Vladimir Putin.
Russia.
Environmental doom.
Fire, storms.
And deadly floods.
I don't want you to be hopeful.
Science tells us we have nine years.
This storm will kill you.
I want you to panic.
It is promoting fear.
It will kill your children.
Feelings of fear.
It will kill your pets.
The world is a very terrifying place.
Unless you get lucky.
I want you to feel the fear I feel every day.
Walk me through, if you would, what happens
scientifically inside our minds when we're
in a state of fear, and then how that affects our
external choices and the direction of
our lives.
This is well-known and well-researched in the
psychological literature and the psychiatric
literature, that when someone is afraid, when
someone is in a state of fear, that person
cannot think rationally.
You resort back to a more primitive way of making
decisions, which is highly emotionally
driven.
And when you're placed in a chronic state of fear,
as we have been, you end up in a
what I would call a traumatized state, meaning
that you're not just momentarily scared.
You are frozen.
You have seen your ability to think critically
suspended.
The issue is not about COVID or vaccines or
anything else.
It's not that.
That is the polarizing impulse that gives rise to
our general sensibilities, which then
amplifies our willingness to fall for reflexive
classifications like race or, you know, the
isms that we want to fight about.
The more we can distract people by creating the
illusion that says everything is fearful,
the more we can manipulate the population.
We were groomed for decades to be fearful, whether
it was drop and cover.
We must be ready all the time if the atomic bomb
explodes.
Duck and cover.
To protect against the threat of nuclear
annihilation, or more recently, the impending
ecological
collapse of our planet in 12 years that AOC and
Greta Thunberg keep warning us about.
The world is going to end in 12 years if we don't
address climate change.
How dare you?
All of these fears are grounded to some degree in
reality.
They're not completely invented, but they are
exaggerated so greatly that we cannot
actually reason through them anymore.
When people are afraid, they won't just accept
authoritarianism, they'll demand it.
They will demand it.
Somebody do something.
Somebody take charge and tell me what to do.
Like where do I stand?
Where do I walk?
What do we do?
What are the rules?
And again, people in power always use that, right?
They say never let a good crisis go to waste.
We can take this and we can now enact policies
that normally we wouldn't be able to get away
with.
Maybe in a couple of decades, when people look
back, the thing they will remember from
the COVID crisis, this was the moment that we
agreed to be surveyed all the time.
And maybe even after the event is over, maybe we
can still keep 30%.
And over time, multiple crises, oh, suddenly you
have a government or an individual who
has far more power than they're actually supposed
to.
The leaders of the mass, the people who pronounce
a narrative in public space usually are hypnotized
themselves.
They believe they need to reshape society to be
able to deal with the challenges society
faces.
And they believe so fanatically in that ideology
that they think it's justified to manipulate
and cheat and to use all kinds of narratives to
convince people to go along with that ideology.
We're going to go visit mom.
I'm going to bring the whole family to see mom.
No, we will shut you down.
We will cite you.
And if we need to, we will arrest you and we will
take you to jail.
You either get your tests done and make sure
you're cleared or we will keep you in a facility
longer.
It's going to be very hard for people to do a lot
of normal life unless they can prove
their vaccination status, such as you're not going
to work in this particular agency or
institution, you're not going to be able to go to
this college or this university.
Once we start doing that, you will see more and
more people willingly get vaccinated.
If the fear of losing your job, your friends,
family, and future isn't enough to coerce
you into submission, perhaps these incentives will
entice you to willingly comply.
Everything from cash prizes to college
scholarships, offering kids 12 and up limited
edition Avengers
comic books, thousands of prizes available,
including cruises and Superbowl tickets, giving
away Ford F-150 trucks, giving away shotguns and
hunting rifles, marijuana dispensaries
are given away, joints for Jack, Krispy Kreme
announcing this week a free donut and yes,
free beers.
That's right.
Get a shot and have a beer.
Today could be your lucky day.
California's vaccine lottery, one grand winner to
take home up to $5 million if you get vaccinated
next week.
You made it exciting, right?
There's a reason people go to Vegas.
It really could be somewhat lucrative if they
aren't already persuaded.
Teen-year-old Joshua says one of the best parts of
getting a shot at Mickey D's, lunch
on the house.
Just think of this when you think of vaccination,
vaccination.
If you need luck with love, dating apps are
offering incentives too.
Vienna brothel is providing COVID-19 vaccinations
and giving those who take up the offer a 30
minute session with a quote, lady of their choice.
We have finally found the one thing that makes us
all more attractive, a vaccination.
To love one another, as Jesus said, get
vaccinated, get boosted.
Do you think that it's being posed as politics,
but it's behaving like a religion?
Because it's acting like a religion.
Yeah.
It's dogmatic, it's absolute.
It's if you do not believe in it, you are
condemned to hell.
This is a new religion.
God did answer our prayers.
He made the smartest men and women, the
scientists, the doctors, the researchers.
He made them come up with a vaccine.
That is from God to us, and we must say, thank
you, God, thank you.
There was a time, and not too long ago, I think,
when we could have pulled ourselves
out of this without too great a sacrifice on the
part of anyone.
But we didn't.
Instead, we slept.
Everywhere I look, I see men and women who know
that communists are making headway in
this country.
They know that something must be done and that
someone must stand up to them, but they
themselves do nothing.
They remain silent because they're afraid that if
they speak out, it'll be bad for business.
They may lose a client.
They may even lose their jobs, or perhaps they're
receiving a regular government check
and already are too dependent upon some of the
very people and programs they know they
should oppose.
We have now passed the point of painless solutions
and parlor patriotism.
Well, all right, so what do we do about it?
What are the countermeasures that need to be
taken, and where do we begin?
Before we finally win this battle, and I should
hasten to say that there's no doubt in my
mind that we're going to win.
I'm increasingly convinced of this, but before we
finally do see victory, we must carry the
truth to every man, woman, and child in America.
I have no idea of what each of you is going to do
in the critical days that lie ahead.
It may be much.
It may be little.
It may be nothing at all.
I don't know.
Only you can answer that question, but ladies and
gentlemen, whatever it is you decide to
do for your country, do it soon.
Do it now.
Every minute that you delay further will add
dearly to the price of ultimate victory.
Mr. Griffin, that was over 50 years ago.
Where are we now?
Hearing that phrase after all these years is kind
of a shocker, because I didn't realize
really at the time how accurate it was going to
be.
But we're in the middle of it now, and so the
ultimate victory is still ahead of us.
How did you know way back then what would be
happening today?
It's a long story, of course, but I did take a
fascinating tour of the communist bookstore
in Los Angeles when I was very, very young.
I was working for an insurance company.
I was Mr. Corporate America, you know?
That was the period when the hippie, you know,
image was pretty popular, and a lot of these
guys in that bookstore were in that uniform, and I
think they felt I was a potential recruit,
you know?
Yes, we've always been quite willing to talk
about...
We'll talk about socialism anywhere, in the
streets or in the senate, anywhere, you know?
You're a communist faction making a big power play
for SDS.
Is there any communists back here?
I guess there is.
Yes, they are communists, and yet our nation seems
unconcerned.
Many newspapers, television commentators, and
educators call these young revolutionaries
dissidents.
But are these voices, voices of mere dissent, of
mere student unrest, or of sedition and
revolution?
They invited me to come to their study groups,
they called them.
They were really the recruiting funnel, you know?
And I didn't have to pretend to be interested,
because I was interested.
I wanted to see what these guys were up to.
In the course, the more I read, the more I
realized that these guys were deadly serious,
and so my crusader gene said, hey buddy, you
better stop worrying about the corporate ladder
and making money and looking good and start doing
something about it.
And I'm glad I did, because up to that point, my
life had a meaning, it had a purpose more
than just self-centered.
Who are some of the key figures behind this
agenda?
I'm not sure we can name names.
We know that there are layers and layers of
control and influence, sort of pyramidal in
form.
At the bottom level, of course, is just all the
common people.
Most of them don't even know what's going on.
It used to be that an invader could come in with a
superior army, and people resented,
but they obeyed, because if they don't, they get
killed.
Now, if they want to conquer people in this
environment, they have to do it through the
mind.
And of course, today, after all the technology
that we have, and the control over the
communications
and the images and the school system and the
media, they have absolute control over the
funnel of information that comes to the average
person.
And the average person, if they're not aware that
there's a real war going on for their
mind, they will be helpless.
And as long as people are on the edge of fear,
they're willing to give up their liberties
and pay lots and lots in taxes.
A tax on carbon.
And as I pass through that idea that, in my view,
the enemy is in a category called collectivism,
and that's the word that applies to all of these
things, socialism, communism, fascism,
Nazism.
All of these things are merely variants of
collectivism.
That is the philosophy based on the assumption
that the group is more important than the
individual, and that the individual must be
sacrificed, if necessary, for the greater
good of the greater number.
That's the trick.
You're doing this for society.
Obviously, you don't like to tell people what to
do.
But sometimes for the good of society, that's
necessary.
We have to start doing things for the greater good
of society, and not for idiots who think
that they can do their own research.
It's not about me and my rights to choose.
It's about how I love my neighbor.
You are not doing this for yourself.
If you are at all like me, your own health, your
own risk, is not a big rational driver
of all of your actions.
They trick us into thinking that if you act in
your own self-interest, that somehow you
are selfish.
And nothing could be further from the truth.
Those of us who have discovered this trick long
ago, we realize that enlightened self-interest
comes into play.
If you are acting out of self-interest, you soon
discover that the best way to benefit
yourself is to help other people.
It does come back.
The question is, how do we turn this ship around?
I think that the path to political hell in America
has been voting for the lesser of
two evils.
They create conflict because conflict creates fear
and confusion.
And out of that chaos, people are not too
analytical.
They'll just struggle for some quick answer, which
is who you're going to vote for.
That's usually the answer that's offered to them.
They think that if you just vote for somebody, the
right person, everything will go away.
You cannot wait until there's a list of candidates
that's published and you say,
hmm, which one am I going to choose?
By that time, the game is over.
All those candidates have been selected before you
were even aware.
You've got to get into politics at the local level
so you have some influence in which
candidates are selected.
And that starts at the grassroots level.
You don't come in at the top, you come in at the
bottom.
If we do that job, we will influence both
political parties just like our opponents do now.
There is actually a way forward and a way out.
But it's going to require work, and it's also
going to require that we acknowledge
that we have wronged ourselves, that we are part
of this problem.
It's not the government that caused this.
The government facilitated it.
What caused it was our being asleep at the wheel.
Without taking accountability, we cannot move
forward.
The masses of humanity have been slapped awake in
a very short period of time to where now
it has created a domino effect of awareness all
across the planet.
People cannot go back into the matrix now.
They can't.
A lot of people are trying to, and they can't.
We have the right as citizens in this country to
abolish a government and create a new one.
And that is the authority that has been given to
us.
It is written in our documents, the Declaration of
Independence, the Constitution of the United
States, the Declaration of Human Rights.
We have indelible rights, and the basis of those
rights are our freedoms.
And if we don't have that, we don't have life.
And so we have to awaken, we have to arise, we
have to fight.
The natural rights of every individual is life,
liberty, and property.
And establishing a country on a premise that had
never been established before, that the
individual is sovereign because their rights are
endowed to them by a sovereign God.
This which has happened can only be described as
divine, which is why we're the nation,
our ideology, our way of life is always under this
relentless attack that we have defeated
over and over again, and we will defeat it this
time.
We're all fighting with each other, and the way
that we combat that is doing the opposite
of what these war overlords want us to do, which
is fight with each other.
We should be learning how to forgive and inviting
other people to the table, even if we disagree
with them, and extending grace to one another,
even if we know that they've done something
that we totally disagree with, because that's how
we ultimately are going to heal as a nation,
is understanding that we all come from different
walks of life, and we all live here together,
and let's start talking.
The only real problem that's existed in the world,
it's division.
It's that people are not getting in rooms, willing
to speak with one another, see each
other's hearts, and get to know, hey, what do you
believe, what do I believe, and is
there a way we can actually work together to solve
these problems?
And I'm willing to bet that most of the Gen Zers
would say yes.
That's what we need to do right now, and that's
why I'm glad we're the age that we are, because
we can be leaders of that conversation.
When I started to realize, like, wow, freedom's a
polarizing concept for some reason, I thought
this was America.
Is this America?
It is?
Okay.
The world's different than I thought.
So my fear was, I could lose everything, I could
lose my audience, I could lose my business,
but I knew, especially having a son come into the
world, I am imprinting something on his
beautiful, innocent, fragile psyche and heart.
I'm imprinting the man that I am, or I'm
imprinting a hollow shell of the man that I refuse
to
be.
And I knew in that moment, I'm willing to risk
losing everything to do that.
I would rather pick up cans on the side of the
highway to feed my family than to live
out of alignment with my truth and betray my son.
Just say no.
Rise up in a non-violent way.
They can't imprison everyone, they can't fire
everyone, but they can fire individuals that
are separated and don't work together and give in
to the fear.
Don't sacrifice your future for a few conveniences
now in the present.
You should sacrifice maybe the present
conveniences so that you're going to have a
future.
The media has done a good job at stripping from us
our ability to think on our own and
for ourselves.
If we can get back to that, I think that we can
build a stronger America.
In my opinion, the first step you have to take is
you have to get out from under the
control mechanisms.
And that means blow up your TV, don't listen to
the fear porn, and set yourself free of
debt, which is what controls you and controls
everything around you.
It is the weapon that is used.
The most important thing is always that the
dissonant voices continue to speak out and
also extremely important that they don't start to
form a mass or a crowd themselves.
Because that happens very easily as well, happens
very easily.
Once a large scale mass formation starts, the
people who do not go along with them feel
threatened and they can start to form a mass
themselves.
So it's extremely important not to form a mass
ourselves.
It means to form a group, a coherent group, and
that what unifies this group should in
the first place be the fact that everybody who
belongs to the group can have his own
opinion and can speak in his own way.
What matters most to you?
I think what matters most to me is freedom,
freedom.
I want as little laws as necessary to keep us from
killing each other.
I mean, I get it, there's crazy people out there.
We have to find a balance.
In the end, I want my children to live in a world
where they're free, to dream, to take
risks, to fail, to succeed.
Hardship strengthens us.
We wouldn't have had the American Revolution and
the beta model for the American Constitution,
the beta model of a republic in the modern world,
unless the tyranny of King George had
been unbearable.
All the good things in life usually are a result
of some kind of a rebound against something
that's very not good at all, very painful.
I mean, I think about if someone had jumped in
there and taken away my failures.
I can't do what I'm doing now if someone had kept
me from really hurting, really learning
lessons that were hard to learn so that I would
never make that mistake again.
In a philosophical sense, we should be thankful
for this movement that's happening, in spite
of the fact that it's tragedy and it's hurting
people and all that, but without it, we might
just go right along in that pot and be boiled in
time.
But now the frog is jumping out, and we have a
chance coming up here now to create a new
vision and it's going to be great.
It's a bit cynical, but it is in the end good news
that mass formation and totalitarianism
always destroys itself in a relatively short time
span.
And the most important thing, of course, is that
you have to make sure that the system
does not destroy you before it destroys itself.
Without history, it was always the very small
minority.
History has always been written by the 1% of the
population.
15% of the population create history, and they
follow the thought leadership of 1%.
But that 15% altogether is what changes history.
And so all we have to do is reach 15% of the
population.
I think today, after all this time, we have more
than 15%.
We just have to get them together so they realize
that they're not alone.
And that's our task right now.
I don't think our societies have taken the moment
to look up and actually see and appreciate
how much progress has been made in the past
century.
On so many different levels, we have made
incredible progress.
Like what we've got here is actually great.
It's imperfect, and we should still be making
tweaks carefully to try to make it better.
And I think that's where so much of that
self-hatred or hatred of the nation or hatred of
the other
or whatever comes from, this lack of perspective
and gratitude and inability to take a moment,
chill out on the activism, and go, wait, actually,
okay, we've achieved a very unique and special
point in history, and let's be careful with that.
On that note, as a man who's traveled the world,
have you experienced any nation that
has course-corrected beyond their sins more than
the U.S. has?
No.
It's sad to see Americans who live in a free
country born as Americans and do not recognize
their privileges.
You are born American, a free country, you never
suffered a starvation, and you need
to go to other countries to find out why all the
immigrants, millions and millions of them
want to come here.
What is happening in our backyard today, I
experienced as an 11-year-old.
I remember vividly all the promises that a guy
named Castro gave on how 99% of the people
swallow the pill.
He was going to save Cuba.
I remember how he promised to the farmers, to the
Guajiros, that you're going to own
the land.
I remember all the promises that we hear today
about free education and free health care
and free land, and my God, no freedom.
The defectors here that are speaking out against
the Communist Party in China are risking their
lives and our government is not interested in
listening to them or helping them in any
way.
I have been in America for 10 years.
I saw a lot of Americans with wonderful hearts.
America is a beacon of freedom.
I'm happy living in this land to practice my
religion and to have a peaceful life.
That's my hope.
America is the last stand on earth for freedom.
If we lose this country, the world will be a very
dark place.
I have three children in this country.
I want to protect their American dream, so here I
am, you know.
I've noticed that every time you speak about
America, your eyes fill with tears.
I do, I do love this country.
No place to go.
And I just hope people can hear my stories.
For past five years, I've been telling the same
thing.
I have no political agenda here.
I just want to live American dream and my children
live American dream.
Sorry about that.
It's time to ask questions.
It's time to wake up.
We've been brought together in this moment to face
the urgent choice between dehumanization
and re-humanization.
Dehumanization requires us to do nothing, nothing
other than to allow that process to
continue to the point of no return.
Re-humanization, on the other hand, requires
action, one action, to remember, to remember
what we knew as children when everything was
possible, before our attention was captured,
before the conditioning set in, before our nature
was denied.
There's nothing new we have to learn, all we have
to do is to remember.
And then take the hand of that memory and go out
and stand on ground, not concrete,
not asphalt, stand on ground and see if you can
feel the heartbeat of a universe that
conspired to give you life, so you once again can
feel the joy of being completely human
and then never forget that moment.
This is the moment for us to activate our innate
ability to create solutions that can
only happen through the awareness of symbiosis,
defined as a mutually beneficial relationship
between different groups.
All of life depends on relationships.
Every living thing is in communication, from the
stars to the planets, the earth, the plants,
the elements, the insects, the animals, the
humans, and every cell within us.
Real change out there begins with real change
inside.
As Americans today, we are truly a privileged
people in a privileged land.
But with our blessings come responsibilities, and
with responsibilities come risks.
The challenge of our time is that we must accept
both the responsibilities of our blessings
and the risks involved in defending them for
ourselves and for future generations, and
we must do this without hesitation if we are to be
worthy benefactors of that precious heritage
of freedom passed on to us through the epic
sacrifices of those who have gone before.
Now, that is not flag-waving, and it is not
cliched patriotism.
That's a simple statement of the obligations of
citizenship in this glorious land, our
land, which, with God's help, we shall preserve.